README.md, before:

### minericpark.github.io full redesign (scrapped branch)

- Web application (undetermined of type of architecture) -> used to update and redesign personal webpage
- Development ceased
- Based off of Blog page example provided by Material UI
- Intention was to bring same aesthetic as current webpage that is up ('minericpark.github.io')

### Core Technical Concepts/Inspiration
- Created to further understand and learn React Native framework
- Created to deepen coding ability in Javascript
- Created to expand web development knowledge
- Created to learn how to use Markdown parser tool (markdown-to-jsx)

### Getting Started/Requirements/Prerequisites/Dependencies
- Requires a browser for testing
- Currently undetermined

### Installation
- cd client
- npm install
- npm install @material-ui/core
- npm install @material-ui/icons
- npm install --save react-router-dom
- npm install markdown-to-jsx
- npm start

### Tools, Frameworks, APIs, Libraries
- React Native
- React Router
- Material UI

### Preview
![Initial landing page](https://i.ibb.co/Q6cTx0c/Landing-page.png)

![Initial home page](https://i.ibb.co/vkpndg2/Home-page.png)

![Initial about me page](https://i.ibb.co/j5WB1rL/About-me-page.png)

![Initial blog page](https://i.ibb.co/5rdnVhw/Blog-page.png)

![Initial projects page](https://i.ibb.co/3fYQnzD/Projects-page.png)

![Initial profession page](https://i.ibb.co/JmfKCJq/Profession-page.png)

### License / Warning
- This is code is written by multiple members within the development team.

Commit message:

Scrapped: Adjuted README
- Added reason why this design was scrapped
- Adjusted License / Warning note

README.md, after:

### minericpark.github.io full redesign (scrapped branch)

- Web application (undetermined of type of architecture) -> used to update and redesign personal webpage
- Development ceased
- Based off of Blog page example provided by Material UI
- Intention was to bring same aesthetic as current webpage that is up ('minericpark.github.io')

### Core Technical Concepts/Inspiration
- Created to further understand and learn React Native framework
- Created to deepen coding ability in Javascript
- Created to expand web development knowledge
- Created to learn how to use Markdown parser tool (markdown-to-jsx)

### Getting Started/Requirements/Prerequisites/Dependencies
- Requires a browser for testing
- Currently undetermined

### Installation
- cd client
- npm install
- npm install @material-ui/core
- npm install @material-ui/icons
- npm install --save react-router-dom
- npm install markdown-to-jsx
- npm start

### Tools, Frameworks, APIs, Libraries
- React Native
- React Router
- Material UI

### Preview
![Initial landing page](https://i.ibb.co/Q6cTx0c/Landing-page.png)

![Initial home page](https://i.ibb.co/vkpndg2/Home-page.png)

![Initial about me page](https://i.ibb.co/j5WB1rL/About-me-page.png)

![Initial blog page](https://i.ibb.co/5rdnVhw/Blog-page.png)

![Initial projects page](https://i.ibb.co/3fYQnzD/Projects-page.png)

![Initial profession page](https://i.ibb.co/JmfKCJq/Profession-page.png)

### Why was this iteration scrapped?
- Ultimately decided despite enjoying the direction I was following, felt like my newfound ideas and experience I took away from this attempt can lead me to design and develop something better (appearance-wise) and cleaner (code-wise)

### License / Warning
- This is code is written by Eric Minseo Park
